yo yo yo what's up people wish your boy
Pete Rouse back in the building with
another video today what I'm gonna talk
about I'm talking about one of my
personal favorite albums it was released
in 1976 I was only two years old when
this record was released yeah but it is
such a classic that I have to talk about
it right now but we are talking about
people is Stevie Wonder's songs in the
key life just to give you a little
history behind this record um I believe
this was the first record in a 7 album
deal in which Steve he had with Motown
you know I'm saying it was 7 deal 37
million dollars which was the highest
paid for artist at the time you know I'm
saying Stevie Wonder this was the first
album you know I'm saying for that deal
it was certified diamond at the year end
of 1976
um sold 10 million copies in the US
alone um I have no idea what it did
outside the US I can only imagine as big
as this record was but also a little bit
more insight into like maybe the mindset
of Stevie Wonder uh he was actually
thinking at the time that he was gonna
immigrate to Ghana which i think is on
the west coast of Africa I may be wrong
enough sure but with that I know uh I
know uh weg Du Bois I believe he was
buried in Ghana you know he wanted to go
back and a few other you know uh famous
black people you know went to Ghana but
Stevie wanted to immigrate to Ghana
because apparently he was fed up with
the way the government was running the
country so apparently he was going
like his last concert before he left for
he was actually immigrating to go work
with handicapped kids in government but
uh of course it didn't happen he stayed
in the u.s. got the 37 million dollar
deal and the rest is history
all right um before I get into the
versions of the vinyl I guess I just
want to read off my favorite tracks out
for this album love's in need of love
today I think it's great awesome
open the four album sir Duke of course I
wish knocked me off my feet which I
heard two remakes of this song I think
the first one was bad Kevin Campbell and
it was on a thin line between love and
hate soundtrack I really want feeling
that I really want feeling that one but
the one I was feeling was bad Darnell
Jones he's song that song man you know
I'm saying so if y'all haven't heard it
or y'all heard it and didn't know it was
Stevie Stevie disses Stevie Wonder song
knocks me off my feet and Darnell jabs
something he did that um past our
paradise is another one of my favorites
and uh Coolio
I think back in I want to say 95 96
something like that after the dangers
math soundtrack um he did gangsta's
Paradise which was take it from Stevie's
past-time paradise you feel me you know
um it was I liked it it was an okay song
you know but past-time paradise it is
such a classic that it really shouldn't
even been touched if you ask me but I
did like gangsta's Paradise all right uh
let's see what's another one of my
favorites is a seed lovely black man ass
you know as you already know as was
featured like up and down and out
through like the first best man movie
and soundtrack and all that so that was
a great song
um the bonus record had a sadder evany
eyes all-day sucker easygoing evening my
mama's car so all in all this is a great
record you don't have it pick it up now
this is the first of the plane was a
half of this record now I have one fight
over they had the 45-minute but I broke
it on accident but I was blessed enough
to get this one with the 45-minute again
so I'm gonna let y'all check that out
right quick all right
open from the outside open from the
inside and there's the 45 sitting right
there all right that's 45 right there
all right fine it was that excellent
condition this also has the 24 page
booklet in great condition again I'm
show you how to find on this this is an
original first pressing so let's see
here's the final
right here in great condition that's the
first record and here is the second
record right here right there all right
now the other copies like I said I have
it as album was the one where the 45
actually broke and that's that right
there
now the other copy I have is a reissue
seal copy reissued sealed copy right
they're still the opposite of
awesomeness just leaks out for this you
know what I'm saying so but this is the
seal copy of the reissue that I have
also this also has the bonus record in
it as you can see but that's that so if
you yourself have not heard songs in the
key of life or listen to this record
you need to go to your nearest
record store check it out is one of my
favorites hopefully it can become one of
your favorites
there's Pete Ross and I'm signing out
peace